README.md, before:

[![VRTK logo][VRTK-Image]](#)

# VR Bowling Game Tutorial

> _This has been tested on version 2019.4.28f1 of the Unity software_

[![License][License-Badge]][License]
[![Backlog][Backlog-Badge]][Backlog]
[![Discord][Discord-Badge]][Discord]
[![Videos][Videos-Badge]][Videos]
[![Twitter][Twitter-Badge]][Twitter]

## Introduction

A tutorial on how to make a VR Bowling game using the components from the VRTK suite within the [Unity] software.

This tutorial covers the basics of getting a VR camera working within Unity and being able to interact with objects within the scene.

![VR Bowling Scene](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36199993/74746663-af050780-525d-11ea-8eb0-6ba279fed0f7.gif)

## Getting Started

Follow the [Making A VR Bowling Game] tutorial to build this project yourself in an empty Unity project or follow the instructions below to download the completed project.

### Downloading the project

* Download this project repository to your local machine using *one* of the following methods:
  * Git clone the repository with `git clone https://github.com/ExtendRealityLtd/VRTK.Tutortials.VRBowling.git`
  * Download the zip file at `https://github.com/ExtendRealityLtd/VRTK.Tutortials.VRBowling/archive/master.zip` and extract it.

### Opening the downloaded project in the Unity software

> **Do not** drag and drop this downloaded tutorial project into an existing Unity project. The downloaded tutorial project **is a Unity project** already and you should not nest a Unity project inside another Unity project. Follow the instructions below for opening this tutorial project within the Unity software.

#### Using the Unity Hub

* Open the [Unity Hub] panel.
* Click the `Add` Button.
* Browse to the local directory where the repository was cloned/downloaded to and click `Select Folder`.
* The tutorial project will now show up in the Unity Hub project window, so select `VRTK.Tutortials.VRBowling` to open the project in the Unity software.
* The `VRTK.Tutortials.VRBowling` project will now open within the Unity software.

#### Opening from within the Unity software

* Select `Main Menu -> File -> Open Project` within the Unity software.
* Browse to the local directory where the repository was cloned/downloaded to and click `Select Folder`.
* The `VRTK.Tutortials.VRBowling` project will now open within the Unity software.

### Running the game scene

* Open the `Assets/Scenes/BowlingAlley` scene.
* Enable `Maximize On Play` in the Unity Game view control bar to ensure no performance issues are caused by the Unity Editor overhead.
* Play the scene in the Unity Editor (`CTRL` + `P`).
* The scene should automatically play within any Unity supported XR hardware.

## Contributing

We're not currently in a place where accepting contributions would be helpful. But as soon as we're ready we'll let you know!

## License

Code released under the [MIT License][License].

## Disclaimer

These materials are not sponsored by or affiliated with Unity Technologies or its affiliates. "Unity" is a trademark or registered trademark of Unity Technologies or its affiliates in the U.S. and elsewhere.

[VRTK-Image]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExtendRealityLtd/related-media/main/github/readme/vrtk.png
[Unity]: https://unity3d.com/
[Making A VR Bowling Game]: Documentation/Tutorials/MakingAVRBowlingGame/README.md

[License-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/ExtendRealityLtd/VRTK.svg
[Backlog-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/project-backlog-78bdf2.svg

[Discord-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/discord--7289DA.svg?style=social&logo=discord
[Videos-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/youtube--e52d27.svg?style=social&logo=youtube
[Twitter-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter--219eeb.svg?style=social&logo=twitter

[License]: LICENSE.md
[Backlog]: http://tracker.vrtk.io

[Discord]: https://discord.com/invite/bRNS6hr
[Videos]: http://videos.vrtk.io
[Twitter]: https://twitter.com/VR_Toolkit

[Unity Hub]: https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/GettingStartedUnityHub.html

Commit message:

feat(Tutorials): add instructions on how to update to unity 2020
Due to Unity 2020 not supporting the old legacy XR system, it means
that the project no longer works on Unity 2020 and needs the newer
Tilia packages for the Unity XR Plugin system for it to work.

This tutorial goes through the steps required to get it working in
Unity 2020. It also shows how to update to the new Unity input system.

README.md, after:

[![VRTK logo][VRTK-Image]](#)

# VR Bowling Game Tutorial

> _This has been tested on version 2019.4.28f1 of the Unity software_

[![License][License-Badge]][License]
[![Backlog][Backlog-Badge]][Backlog]
[![Discord][Discord-Badge]][Discord]
[![Videos][Videos-Badge]][Videos]
[![Twitter][Twitter-Badge]][Twitter]

## Introduction

A tutorial on how to make a VR Bowling game using the components from the VRTK suite within the [Unity] software.

This tutorial covers the basics of getting a VR camera working within Unity and being able to interact with objects within the scene.

> If you're using Unity 2020.1 or above then please refer to the [Converting To Unity 2020] tutorial.

![VR Bowling Scene](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36199993/74746663-af050780-525d-11ea-8eb0-6ba279fed0f7.gif)

## Getting Started

Follow the [Making A VR Bowling Game] tutorial to build this project yourself in an empty Unity project or follow the instructions below to download the completed project.

### Downloading the project

* Download this project repository to your local machine using *one* of the following methods:
  * Git clone the repository with `git clone https://github.com/ExtendRealityLtd/VRTK.Tutortials.VRBowling.git`
  * Download the zip file at `https://github.com/ExtendRealityLtd/VRTK.Tutortials.VRBowling/archive/master.zip` and extract it.

### Opening the downloaded project in the Unity software

> **Do not** drag and drop this downloaded tutorial project into an existing Unity project. The downloaded tutorial project **is a Unity project** already and you should not nest a Unity project inside another Unity project. Follow the instructions below for opening this tutorial project within the Unity software.

#### Using the Unity Hub

* Open the [Unity Hub] panel.
* Click the `Add` Button.
* Browse to the local directory where the repository was cloned/downloaded to and click `Select Folder`.
* The tutorial project will now show up in the Unity Hub project window, so select `VRTK.Tutortials.VRBowling` to open the project in the Unity software.
* The `VRTK.Tutortials.VRBowling` project will now open within the Unity software.

#### Opening from within the Unity software

* Select `Main Menu -> File -> Open Project` within the Unity software.
* Browse to the local directory where the repository was cloned/downloaded to and click `Select Folder`.
* The `VRTK.Tutortials.VRBowling` project will now open within the Unity software.

### Running the game scene

* Open the `Assets/Scenes/BowlingAlley` scene.
* Enable `Maximize On Play` in the Unity Game view control bar to ensure no performance issues are caused by the Unity Editor overhead.
* Play the scene in the Unity Editor (`CTRL` + `P`).
* The scene should automatically play within any Unity supported XR hardware.

## Contributing

We're not currently in a place where accepting contributions would be helpful. But as soon as we're ready we'll let you know!

## License

Code released under the [MIT License][License].

## Disclaimer

These materials are not sponsored by or affiliated with Unity Technologies or its affiliates. "Unity" is a trademark or registered trademark of Unity Technologies or its affiliates in the U.S. and elsewhere.

[VRTK-Image]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ExtendRealityLtd/related-media/main/github/readme/vrtk.png
[Unity]: https://unity3d.com/
[Converting To Unity 2020]: Documentation/Tutorials/ConvertingToUnity2020/README.md
[Making A VR Bowling Game]: Documentation/Tutorials/MakingAVRBowlingGame/README.md

[License-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/ExtendRealityLtd/VRTK.svg
[Backlog-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/project-backlog-78bdf2.svg

[Discord-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/discord--7289DA.svg?style=social&logo=discord
[Videos-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/youtube--e52d27.svg?style=social&logo=youtube
[Twitter-Badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter--219eeb.svg?style=social&logo=twitter

[License]: LICENSE.md
[Backlog]: http://tracker.vrtk.io

[Discord]: https://discord.com/invite/bRNS6hr
[Videos]: http://videos.vrtk.io
[Twitter]: https://twitter.com/VR_Toolkit

[Unity Hub]: https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/GettingStartedUnityHub.html
